add feature: cycling tabBar (#63)
marcosgriselli/SwipeableTabBarController: README.md

```
--->

> ### Enable Cycling Swipe Tab Bar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enable Cycling 
```

> `SwipeableTabBarController` supports cycling switch tab. If you want cycling switch tab, set true `isCyclingEnabled`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SwipeableTabBarController` supports cycling between the first and last tab like a carousel. Simply set `isCyclingEnabled` to `true`.
```
